hey from the ipod touch world and staff
got a really interesting after you guys
it's called airport scanner there will
be a link in the description below to
check this application out in the iTunes
Store highly recommend checking it out
but before I get into my video I love it
if you guys could show that like button
some love and down here and also make
sure to subscribe up here if you haven't
already to keep up to date with all of
my content this is an absolutely free
application basically you get to run the
airport scanner so you can see
everyone's luggage come through and you
basically have to identify if there is
any dangerous weapons or drugs or
anything like that so in the x-ray shop
you have a variety of different things
that you can upgrade you can see a
really nice little interface and you'll
also earn ranks along the way so you
actually rank up your character and then
you unlock different levels along the
way also as you're playing through your
MOPP brand new characters and brand new
dangerous items and drugs and things
like that to identify it's a super
scanner it just makes it a little bit
easier to see anything illegal you can
drag it back and see if there is
anything or you can also speed up the
process so that's not illegal so we can
check that on you can also change the
orientation here if you want to get
first-class customers to come through so
we just got a gun here he's got a ninja
star in his guitar right on buddy not
nothing in your guitar looks like
there's a lot of musicians coming
through I've also got a fish now that
there's nothing in there you can also go
into the logbook here and this will show
you all the illegal items so you'll see
they look at a variety here and you
unlock them as you go and then you also
have legal items which are the things
that basically you just have to scan
over so you can tell just by playing
this that the developers do have a
really awesome sense of humor so you
gain your money for your day's work and
then with all the offenders you actually
get this fun little minigame and it's
called the automatic justice dispenser
so you get the option of easy justice
fair justice or tough justice so we're
going to choose easy justice for this in
there we guys we got 300 points for that
and then some of them actually get off
scot-free
all that guy there you go
nice man Oh our terrorist a thousand
it's just a fun little game right at the
end of that I'm gonna give this
application a 9.5 out of 10 for an
absolutely free application they've
added a lot of content into this so
Airport scanner is another highly
recommended application for you guys I
really hope you guys can check it out
and enjoy it if you do check it out
please make sure to leave me a comment
below letting me know what you thought
of the application show that like button
some love and down here to let me know
that you enjoy my app reviews and also
make sure to subscribe up here if you
haven't already so thank you guys so
much for watching and please make sure
to have a great day